1.	A pulsed image capturing system, comprising:
a pulse generation circuit configured to generate a pulsed light pattern at an external object;
a dynamic vision sensor (DVS) including a pixel array having a plurality of pixels arranged in matrix form, wherein the plurality of pixels are configured to sense an amount of light from the pulsed light pattern reflected by the external object and output event signals; and
a DVS scanning and readout circuit configured to perform a DVS scanning and readout operation on the event signals received from the plurality of pixels to generate a DVS output,
wherein a global reset signal is transmitted to the plurality of pixels to set a reference illumination level for each of the plurality of pixels,
the pulsed light pattern is generated after the global reset signal is transmitted to the plurality of pixels,
a global hold signal is transmitted to the plurality of pixels, after the pulsed light pattern is generated, to hold an illumination change event indicating a change with respect to the reference illumination level for each of the plurality of pixels, 
the DVS scanning and readout operation is performed after the global hold signal is transmitted to the plurality of pixels, and
a captured reflection of the pulsed light pattern is extracted from the DVS output after cleaning DVS-related artifacts from the DVS output without additional image processing.

2.	The pulsed image capturing system of claim 1, wherein a process of transmitting the global reset signal, generating the pulsed light pattern, transmitting the global hold signal, and performing the DVS scanning and readout operation is repeated for a predetermined number of passes, and
the DVS output of the predetermined number of passes is averaged to generate a final DVS output.

3.	The pulsed image capturing system of claim 1, wherein the pulsed light pattern is generated by one of a light emitting diode (LED) or a vertical-cavity surface-emitting laser (VCSEL).

4.	The pulsed image capturing system of claim 1, wherein the pulsed light pattern includes a sequence of patterns.

5.	The pulsed image capturing system of claim 4, wherein the sequence of patterns includes at least two different patterns.

6.	The pulsed image capturing system of claim 1, wherein the global reset signal and the global hold signal are generated by one of the pulse generation circuit and the DVS scanning and readout circuit.

7.	The pulsed image capturing system of claim 1, wherein the global reset signal and the global hold signal are generated by an external controller.


8.	The pulsed image capturing system of claim 1, further comprising a configuration register configured to store a rate of capture of the pulsed image capturing system and to generate the global hold signal and the global reset signal.


9.	A pulsed image capturing system, comprising:
a pulse generation circuit configured to generate a pulsed light pattern at an external object;
a dynamic vision sensor (DVS) including a pixel array having a plurality of pixels arranged in matrix form, wherein the plurality of pixels are configured to perform a light sensing operation to sense an amount of light from the pulsed light pattern reflected by the external object and output event signals; 
a DVS scanning and readout circuit configured to perform a DVS scanning and readout operation on the event signals received from the plurality of pixels to generate a DVS output; and
a plurality of multiplexers configured to select a plurality of control signals,
wherein the plurality of control signals synchronize operation of the pulsed image capturing system such that the light sensing operation is performed after the pulsed light pattern is generated and before the DVS scanning and readout operation is performed.

10.	The pulsed image capturing system of claim 9, wherein the pulsed light pattern is generated, the light sensing operation is performed, and the DVS scanning and readout operation is performed for a predetermined number of passes, and
the DVS output of the predetermined number of passes is averaged to generate a final DVS output.

11.	The pulsed image capturing system of claim 9, wherein the pulsed light pattern is generated by one of a light emitting diode (LED) or a vertical-cavity surface-emitting laser (VCSEL).

12.	The pulsed image capturing system of claim 9, wherein the pulsed light pattern includes a sequence of patterns.


13.	The pulsed image capturing system of claim 9, further comprising a configuration register configured to store a rate of capture of the pulsed image capturing system and to generate the plurality of control signals.

14.	The pulsed image capturing system of claim 9, wherein the plurality of multiplexers comprises:
a first multiplexer configured to select one of an internal light pulse synchronization signal and an external light pulse synchronization signal in response to a first selection signal;
a second multiplexer configured to select one of an internal global reset signal and an external global reset signal in response to a second selection signal; and
a third multiplexer configured to select one of an internal global hold signal and an external global hold signal in response to a third selection signal,
wherein the internal light pulse synchronization signal and the external light pulse synchronization control when the pulsed light pattern is generated,
the internal global reset signal and the external global reset signal control whether each of the plurality of pixels sets a reference illumination level in a current state, and
the internal global hold signal and the external global hold signal control whether the plurality of pixels hold an illumination change event indicating a change with respect to the reference illumination level for each of the plurality of pixels.

15.	The pulsed image capturing system of claim 14, wherein the first selection signal, the second selection signal, and the third selection signal are distinct signals.

16.	A method of operating a pulsed image capturing system including a dynamic vision sensor (DVS) including a pixel array having a plurality of pixels, the method comprising:
activating a global reset signal and transmitting the global reset signal to each of the plurality of pixels to set a reference illumination level for each of the plurality of pixels;
deactivating the global reset signal to enable each of the plurality of pixels to sense an illumination change amount with respect to the reference illumination level thereof;
activating a pulsed light pattern directed at an external object;
activating a global hold signal and transmitting the global hold signal to each of the plurality of pixels to hold an illumination change event indicating the illumination change amount thereof;
performing a DVS scanning and readout operation on event signals received from the plurality of pixels and generating a DVS output; and
deactivating the pulsed light pattern.

17.	The method of claim 16, wherein the pulsed light pattern includes a sequence of patterns.

18.	The method of claim 17, wherein each of sequence of patterns is the same,
wherein for each of the sequence of patterns, a configuration of the pulsed image capturing system is changed.

19.	The method of claim 18, wherein the configuration of the pulsed image capturing system includes an adjustable duration between activation of the pulsed light pattern and transmission of the global hold signal.

20.	The method of claim 18, wherein the configuration of the pulsed image capturing system includes adjustable sensitivity thresholds for each of the plurality of pixels.


21.	The method of claim 18, wherein the DVS output is generated for each of the sequence of patterns, and a weighted sum of the DVS output for each of the sequence of patterns is determined as a final DVS output.

22.	The method of claim 16, wherein the DVS output is generated at least two times and averaged to generate a final DVS output.


23.	The method of claim 16, wherein the DVS output is generated at least two times and combined to create a grey scale image of the pulsed light pattern.

24.	The method of claim 16, further comprising:
adjusting an intensity of the pulsed light pattern based on an amount of ambient light.

25.	The method of claim 16, further comprising:
increasing a duration between activation of the pulsed light pattern and transmission of the global hold signal to increase a sensitivity to contrast change.

26.	The method of claim 16, wherein the pulsed light pattern is deactivated before performing the DVS scanning and readout operation.


27.	A method of operating a pulsed image capturing system including a dynamic vision sensor (DVS) including a pixel array having a plurality of pixels, the method comprising:
synchronizing activation of a global reset signal and activation of a global hold signal to be transmitted to the plurality of pixels;
activating a pulsed light pattern directed at an external object between the activation of the global reset signal and the activation of the global hold signal;
generating event signals, by the plurality of pixels, according to a comparison between a predetermined threshold and a sensed illumination change amount resulting from the pulsed light pattern;
generating a DVS output using the event signals;
cleaning DVS-related artifacts from the DVS output; and
extracting a captured reflection of the pulsed light pattern from the DVS output after cleaning the DVS-related artifacts without additional image processing.

28.	A method of operating a pulsed image capturing system including a dynamic vision sensor (DVS) including a pixel array having a plurality of pixels, the method comprising:
synchronizing activation of a global reset signal to be transmitted to the plurality of pixels to set a reference illumination level for each of the plurality of pixels;
deactivating the global reset signal to enable each of the plurality of pixels to sense an illumination change amount with respect to the reference illumination level thereof;
activating a pulsed light pattern directed at an external object after deactivation of the global reset signal;
generating event signals, by the plurality of pixels, according to a comparison between a predetermined threshold and the sensed illumination change amount resulting from the pulsed light pattern; and
performing a DVS scanning and readout operation on the event signals received from the plurality of pixels and generating a DVS output.
